hi guys welcome to food for foodies
Imran super shy sorry Cap'n femenina how
intimate at American ham corned Dhaka
corner McCallum Tonopah head America
Beaumont Jessica BT Larnaca so today I
will show you guys how to make a corn
dog so corner cuts popular since 1940 so
let's take a look at our ingredients
number 2 psalmist old lady guaca guaca
hot dogs take off all-purpose flour
bang enigma soul
cornmeal cornmeal eggs KY baking soda
baking soda milk no baking powder home
for sugar
I'm tonsai and so glia ha so first we're
gonna use a bamboo sticks okay just just
run straight from the bottom to the top
thump down the heads up my epic she can
cut see up take on how to log on born
high no Anya hide hello can concoct so
into a mixing bowl we're gonna add about
half caps off a purpose flour 1/4
teaspoons of baking soda and also a
teaspoons of baking powder
I'm done Nick eyesight Bannock my soul
couldn't wait the one thumb do i sinning
soon see Sean China has some baking soda
a local nan Xiang has I'm not baking
powder and you're gonna sift that
together Bajoran ban Holocaust banging
so they're like up on for now how how
they can pop Langton and aha notice I
Glen and Sean Chaka and now we're going
to add about a teaspoon of salt and mix
it well cornet Hawken aha I'm doing a
panna cotta need some bad to it the work
Hawk and about 1/8 cups of sugar and mix
it well and about 1/2 cups of yellow
cornmeal so I get a hug warm you can
come to any height and width or vomit
here na'ka'leen god sama woman hi corny
media Hanukkah ready Italian coming at
sonica how many has I qualified not want
hello year cap now go outside Canaan
phone car
so now we gonna add about one egg and
also have comes out milk so I normally
how can do it the 1/2 Cornetto ANCA so
at this point you have to mix really
really well
hornik I can cut so take time to mix it
well
okay so cornica compañía Haman me trying
even gone gone
Meghan had a hard time finding her
Samuel has a bong Sokka you know so now
it's really really important okay to
draw your hot dogs and try and fear the
batter into a tall glass and also I
forgot to mention you need a two quads
up cook vegetable oil into a pan and
have it about 350 degrees fine aha Rose
I'm not a thief running high in Holly
while I pursue jobs I combine a bang
Hanukah thought on my naked haka when
tonight aha
Lois I don't wanna get home and did I
don't that I logged in good morning so
we gonna cook this for about like five
minutes five to six minutes until it's
like golden brown Chanukah by Manhattan
homeward he don't even be a messy little
town huh so I would do another one and
for this recipe makes about five corn
nuts
nice owning a hot tub nevermind hand so
yeah we are done State for your corn dog
right from your kitchen Salonika corn of
arranged cotton corn dog Nina huh cup
ketchup combo circa so I usually eat
this corn rock with mustard and ketchup
I hope you guys like this video please
like and subscribe and also follow me on
my facebook I'm gonna a Facebook knock
on table kosoul my token magnet power
not happen in a day Oh Nina Harvin go to
me I can t say aha
canto Briony yes I will
so before we end this video I have this
little new thing that I want to show to
you guys so I have about 17 to 16
countries name and dis pitcher and at
the end of the video I will pick out my
name of the countries and I will make
whatever country's name food in the next
video
Linda had to talk to but hey good man a
new Tonto Kong we all took video and a
hot lap with hairline an me go down my
hand my baton and so today I pick
santan is Japan so for the next meal
make Japanese food so stay tuned see you
next time we own an Iron Curtain hammer
honey boo Tanaka padam Chum Garnica lair
chicken my own a car let me go on so
decaf